[data-tables] Add support for Entra ID on Cosmos (#31154)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/tables/data-tables/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 13.3.0 (Unreleased)

### Features Added

> - Added support for Managed Identity credentials when targeting a Cosmos endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for Entra ID credentials when targeting a Cosmos endpoint.
```
